(...I get it. I truly do understand, my dear Ritsu.)
(I wanted to carry you in my arms like a baby forever. Rocking you back and forth, calling you a good boy over and over to comfort you, keeping you away from all of life's hardships--)
(But there was no need to pamper you like this. I really… was blind to what was right before me.)
(When I first saw you, you really were so very small…)
(And through some ill fate, you inherited the weaknesses that run in our family especially strongly. You were a baby that seemed like he'd die on the spot if I left you be.)
(And so, I felt I had to protect you as your older brother.)
(I’m your Onii-chan, so I felt I had to protect you even if I had to give you my own flesh and blood for it.)
(...I had to stave off the boredom of my nights, which were lengthier than a normal person's, and so I was a child who did nothing but read books.)
(Thanks to that, I became an armchair theorist, the likes of which not even Hasumi-kun could laugh at.)
(And I’d come to realize what a tiny existence I am within this enormously wide universe.)
(But because I developed prematurely, everyone celebrated me as some sort of genius.)
(I was always so scared. Because I was well aware of just how small and weak I truly was.)
(However, I never expressed these worries to anyone else, and put up a strong front. It was all I could do to protect myself.)
(I hid my weaknesses and pretended to be strong, and disciplined myself so the world wouldn’t crush me.)
(By learning any possible skill, and reading every available book to gain knowledge, I tried to become a superior existence if only by a small margin--)
(I struggled. While drowning in fear within the depths of darkness, all by myself.)
(That’s my true form. The true form of the ominiscient, omnipotent Sakuma Rei.)
(If I let down my guard for even a second, I’ll be seized by that darkness and vanish… Unable to wipe that hallucination from my mind, I did my best to fulfill everyone’s expectations, no matter what they were.)
(As long as I did that, people would thank me and affirm my existence. And I was relieved every time… It turned into a habit, then into an instinct, and I became who I am now.)
(My dear Ritsu. I only tried to protect you because you were so very weak.)
(Your existence seemed so fleeting, as if it’d disappear if I didn’t keep my eye on you… By lovingly protecting it, I secured my self-esteem.)
(But now, you've grown up. You escaped from that darkness with your own strength, and progressed towards a domain even your brother was never able to reach.)
(And now you’re beckoning me from over there.)
(I won’t say it was all for this, but… Aah, I really am glad I protected you all this time.)
(I’m glad I was born a little earlier than you, became your older brother, and was able to raise you to become this strong.)
(The countless books I read, the blood and sweat I put into learning all those skills… It wasn’t all for in vain.)
(My existence… No, my life[1] has been affirmed with just this.)
(My dread, and the darkness, are lifting--)
(I will live on, as a human.)